
Arroz con Pollo - en.wikibooks.org
Asian Chicken Salad - en.wikibooks.org
Au Jus Sandwich - en.wikibooks.org
Borscht - en.wikibooks.org


----------



Arroz con Pollo

60.0 min | N/A

1 ea. (1.3–1.8 kg) chicken, cut into serving pieces
Salt to taste
Pepper to taste
Olive oil
4 cloves of fresh garlic, minced
1 medium onion, chopped
225 g diced red bell pepper
425 g (1 can) diced tomatoes
7.5 g (½ tablespoon) sweet paprika
14 g (½ oz) chopped cilantro
1.4 liter (6 cups) chicken stock
8 saffron threads or 1 teaspoon food coloring for yellow rice
370 g (2 cups) medium or long-grain rice
225 g (8 oz) canned peas (thoroughly drained)

Season the chicken with two pinches of salt and a pinch of pepper.

Pour enough olive oil into a large skillet to just barely cover the bottom.

Sauté chicken in oil until brown. There are two ways to proceed from here: either remove the chicken from the skillet or keep it there.

Sauté garlic until brown. Be careful, garlic burns easily.

Add the onion, bell pepper, tomatoes and paprika. Sauté until the vegetables are tender.

Transfer the ingredients to a large stewing pot.

Add the cilantro, bouillon and saffron (or food coloring). Bring to a rolling boil.

Add the rice and mix well. Simmer over medium heat until the rice is cooked and the liquid is absorbed. Add more broth or water if the liquid evaporates before the rice is cooked.

Add the chicken to the pot (if you removed it previously) and cover it with rice. Wait two to three minutes to allow the chicken to warm.

Sprinkle peas on top of the rice.

from: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Cookbook:Arroz_con_Pollo




Asian Chicken Salad

15 min | 4 servings

1½ cups broccoli flowerets
½ cup pea pods
6 cups torn mixed greens
2 cups thinly-sliced Nappa cabbage
½ cup julienned carrots
1 package (6 oz) grilled chicken breast, cut in strips
¾ cups salad dressing (teriyaki ginger, Asian sesame with ginger, or balsamic vinaigrette)
1 mango, peeled, seeded, and thinly sliced (optional)
Sesame crackers (optional)

In large saucepan quickly plunge broccoli and pea pods into boiling water for 30 seconds. Drain vegetables. Quickly rinse with cold water. Drain well.

In large bowl toss together the blanched broccoli and pea pods, greens, cabbage and carrots.

Add chicken.

Drizzle with salad dressing. Toss to coat.

Arrange on 4 serving plates.

Top with mango, if desired.

Serve with crackers.

from: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Cookbook:Asian_Chicken_Salad




Au Jus Sandwich

360.0 min | 4 servings

3 tablespoons flour
2–3 pounds (0.91–1.4 kg) roast or other cut of beef
1 beef bouillon cube
1 can (~2 cups / 16 oz / 470 ml) beef consommé, bouillon cube equivalent, or additional roast beef
1 can (~2 cups / 16 oz / 470 ml) French onion soup
1 cup (2 sticks / 250 g / 8.8 oz) butter
1 can (16 oz / 470 ml) beer (optional)
Spices (e.g. salt, pepper) (optional)
4 French/sandwich/hoagie rolls

Combine all the ingredients except the rolls in a slow cooker or crock pot. Let the mixture simmer for at least six hours. This step is critical because it makes the meat tender.

Serve beef on split rolls.

You can either pre-dip the sandwich, or serve with a bowl of meat drippings. When serving the drippings separately, remove the beef shreds from the juices and serve with a small bowl of meat drippings on the side. Dip the sandwiches in the drippings as you eat.

from: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Cookbook:Au_Jus_Sandwich




Borscht

75 min | 6 servings

1½ cups thinly-sliced potatoes (about 3 small potatoes)
1 cup thinly-sliced beets.
4 cups water
1–2 tablespoons butter
1½ cups chopped onion (about ⅓ of a large onion)
1½ teaspoons salt
1 stalk celery, chopped
1 medium carrot, chopped
3–4 cups shredded cabbage (about ⅓ of a large cabbage)
a little fresh-ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dill weed
1–2 tablespoons cider vinegar
1–2 tablespoons brown sugar or honey
1 cup tomato purée or ¼ to ½ cup tomato paste

Place the potatoes, beets, and water in a medium-sized saucepan. Cover and cook over medium heat until tender (20–30 minutes). While that is cooking, proceed with thte recipe.

Melt the butter in a Dutch oven/soup pot. Add the onion and salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent (8–10 minutes).

Add the celery, carrots, cabbage, and 2 cups of the water in which the potatoes and beets are cooking. Cover and cook over medium heat until the vegetables are tender (8–10 minutes).

Add the remaining soup ingredients (including the potatoes, beets, and the rest of the water in which they are cooking). Cover and simmer for at least 15 more minutes. Correct the seasonings. If it is too thin, let it simmer uncovered, and maybe add a little more tomato paste.

Serve hot, topped with sour cream or yoghurt and sprinkled with dill. If desired the sour cream or yoghurt can be served with the soup and used as a condiment to taste.

from: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Cookbook:Borscht




